11.3.2008,jrtb,version release candidate 1.0

10.29.2008,jrtb,version3.1

  Note scrolling corrected, memory optimized to prevent crashing

10.21.2008,jrtb,version 3

  Splash page added

  Notes view scrolling now works correctly, including the clicking sound.

10.10.2008,jrtb,version 2

  The Instruments menu is now a native table view and works like
  other iPhone apps (and allows the user to click anywhere in the
  row).

  Instrument selection is preserved as an application preference
  and loaded when the app is opened (if an instrument has been
  chosen before).

  The notes can now be scrolled as requested. I haven't been able
  to implement the clicking sound when the user scrolls, but am
  still researching that.

  The note name has been shifted into the menu bar to create space
  for the entire instrument fingering view to show.

  The notes screen and the instrument fingering screens are
  implemented as web views. The pushing and moving aspect of these
  screens is the standard iPhone web navigation experience (note
  that when you browse web pages on Safari, the same behavior
  occurs). If this is still something that you would like to
  prevent, I can research other methods of displaying these
  screens.

  I have removed the horizontal views for all the screens and the
  application in general. The application now stays in Portrait
  orientation.

  Note: I chose the black style for the navigation bars and
  buttons. The other available style is blue. Let me know if you
  would prefer that and I'll change it.

9.27.2008,jrtb,first push

all features in IIR_specs.doc implemented with 2 exceptions:

1) sliding doesn't work for scrolling through the notes. safari doesn't allow or show scroll bars. you can scroll with a double touch swipe, but this doesn't look good in a hybrid interface and is not commonly known by users.
2) the app doesn't currently make a clicking sound when the user goes to the next or previous notes.

note that only 5 instruments are present due to the lack of additional fingering images.